[ENH] Add pull request template (#875)
scilus/scilpy: docs/pull_request_template.md

# Quick description

> Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue or the improvement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue(s) or improvement(s). 
```

Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change if needed.

...

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Provide data and command line to test

...

# Checklist:

> - [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project (mostly pep8 compliant)

Reviewer: Maybe add a check that all relevant citations have been added to scripts, modules and functions docstrings and descriptions.

> - [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project (mostly pep8 compliant)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project (run [autopep8](https://pypi.org/project/autopep8/))
```

Reviewer: We could replace the link with scil documentation (linting with autopep8 should be described there if it is not already)

Author: Let's use this link for now and will improve later.

Reviewer 2: I can put this on my to-do list.

- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I moved all functions from the script file (except the argparser and main) to scilpy modules
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works

> - [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

Reviewer: This means we have to document running tests better. Especially how to scope which tests to run, where to check for logs, warnings, coverage, etc.

Author: We'll see later, this template is there as a reminder of everything that has to be done when you submit a PR.
Don't need to over think this right now, I think.

# Quick description

Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue(s) or improvement(s).
Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change if needed.

...

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Provide data and command line to test

...

> 

Reviewer 3: _Maybe_ add a section for screenshots if relevant ?
